materials.md, before:

# Materials

For tutorials, software can be installed using [the repositories](/summer-school/repositories) but to avoid compability issues we recommend to use the following [Virtual Machine](/summer-school/virtual_machine) or [Docker container](/summer-school/docker).

Introduction, Kinematic Planning ([Steve Tonneau](http://stevetonneau.fr/) -- [University of Edinburgh](http://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics))
 [video, [slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_intro_Steve_Tonneau.pdf)]

[Pinocchio](https://github.com/stack-of-tasks/pinocchio) Tutorials ([Nicolas Mansard](https://gepettoweb.laas.fr/index.php/Members/NicolasMansard) -- [LAAS-CNRS](http://projects.laas.fr/gepetto)) 
[video1, [slides1](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Pinnochio_Nicolas_Mansard_1.pdf), video2, [slides2](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Pinnochio_Nicolas_Mansard_2.pdf), [notebooks](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school/tree/master/tutorials/pinocchio), [FAQ](https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/r.1c0d00e84d66a3f5661a6eb2d9fd92f6)]

Contact Models ([Justin Carpentier](https://jcarpent.github.io/) -- [INRIA](https://www.di.ens.fr/)) [video, [slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Contact_Models_Justin_Carpentier.pdf)]

[TSID](https://github.com/stack-of-tasks/tsid) Tutorials ([Andrea Del Prete](https://andreadelprete.github.io/) -- [University of Trento](https://www.unitn.it/en)) 
[video1, [slides1](/summer-school/materials/1_joint_space_control.pdf), [slide1b](/summer-school/materials/1b_tsid_implementation_joint_space.pdf), video2, [slides2](/summer-school/materials/2_task_space_control.pdf), [slides2b](summer-school/materials/2b_tsid_implementation.pdf) , [notebooks](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school/tree/master/tutorials/tsid), [FAQ](https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/r.e49f86965d701e427eaebe5b9e807ece)]

Optimal Control ([Nicolas Mansard](https://gepettoweb.laas.fr/index.php/Members/NicolasMansard) -- [LAAS-CNRS](http://projects.laas.fr/gepetto))
[video, [slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Optimal_Control_Nicolas_Mansard.pdf)]

[Crocoddyl](https://github.com/loco-3d/crocoddyl) Tutorial ([Carlos Mastalli](https://cmastalli.github.io/) -- [University of Edinburgh](http://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics))
[video1, video2, [slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Crocoddyl_Carlos_Mastalli.pdf), [notebooks](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school/tree/master/tutorials/crocoddyl), [FAQ](https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/r.a4b2eda03c49aa15d2fac53a92980b4b)]

Videos still need to be cut but the raw videos are already available at [https://seminar.laas.fr/b/gui-u11-1ox](https://seminar.laas.fr/b/gui-u11-1ox).

If you want to access all the questions that were asked during the event, you can access the chat rooms [#memmo-ss20:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#memmo-ss20:matrix.org) (here are [instructions](/summer-school/matrix) on how to join).

Commit message:

Remove empty video links. Add videos lost and link to MEMMO youtube channel.

materials.md, after:

# Materials

For tutorials, software can be installed using [the repositories](/summer-school/repositories) but to avoid compability issues we recommend to use the following [Virtual Machine](/summer-school/virtual_machine) or [Docker container](/summer-school/docker).

Introduction, Kinematic Planning ([Steve Tonneau](http://stevetonneau.fr/) -- [University of Edinburgh](http://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics))
 [[slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_intro_Steve_Tonneau.pdf)]

[Pinocchio](https://github.com/stack-of-tasks/pinocchio) Tutorials ([Nicolas Mansard](https://gepettoweb.laas.fr/index.php/Members/NicolasMansard) -- [LAAS-CNRS](http://projects.laas.fr/gepetto)) 
[[slides1](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Pinnochio_Nicolas_Mansard_1.pdf), [slides2](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Pinnochio_Nicolas_Mansard_2.pdf), [notebooks](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school/tree/master/tutorials/pinocchio), [FAQ](https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/r.1c0d00e84d66a3f5661a6eb2d9fd92f6)]

Contact Models ([Justin Carpentier](https://jcarpent.github.io/) -- [INRIA](https://www.di.ens.fr/)) [[slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Contact_Models_Justin_Carpentier.pdf)]

[TSID](https://github.com/stack-of-tasks/tsid) Tutorials ([Andrea Del Prete](https://andreadelprete.github.io/) -- [University of Trento](https://www.unitn.it/en)) 
[[slides1](/summer-school/materials/1_joint_space_control.pdf), [slide1b](/summer-school/materials/1b_tsid_implementation_joint_space.pdf), [slides2](/summer-school/materials/2_task_space_control.pdf), [slides2b](summer-school/materials/2b_tsid_implementation.pdf) , [notebooks](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school/tree/master/tutorials/tsid), [FAQ](https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/r.e49f86965d701e427eaebe5b9e807ece)]

Optimal Control ([Nicolas Mansard](https://gepettoweb.laas.fr/index.php/Members/NicolasMansard) -- [LAAS-CNRS](http://projects.laas.fr/gepetto))
[[slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Optimal_Control_Nicolas_Mansard.pdf)]

[Crocoddyl](https://github.com/loco-3d/crocoddyl) Tutorial ([Carlos Mastalli](https://cmastalli.github.io/) -- [University of Edinburgh](http://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics))
[[slides](/summer-school/materials/memmo_summer_school_Crocoddyl_Carlos_Mastalli.pdf), [notebooks](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school/tree/master/tutorials/crocoddyl), [FAQ](https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/r.a4b2eda03c49aa15d2fac53a92980b4b)]

Saddly, due to a problem on the BigBlueButton server, the videos of the lectures have been lost.
However, lectures on TSID and pinocchio of the previous winter school can be found on the [MEMMO youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAIn7ZmDGY7ChSWQE3IMhLA/featured). 

If you want to access all the questions that were asked during the event, you can access the chat rooms [#memmo-ss20:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#memmo-ss20:matrix.org) (here are [instructions](/summer-school/matrix) on how to join).
