participate.md, before:

# Participate

This summer school is a fully virtual event.

For the videoconference system, we are using BigBlueButton. To join the meeting, use the following link [https://webconf.laas.fr/b/nic-nvh-9ju](https://webconf.laas.fr/b/nic-nvh-9ju)

Tutorial are based on Python notebooks. To avoid any compatibility/version issue, we strongly recommend to use the [Virtual Machine]() or the [Docker Container]() where software is already preinstalled. In the Virtual Machine or Docker Containers, tutorials can be found in the ***** folder. Please execute "git pull origin master" to make sure you get the latest version of the tutorials.

For direct communication, we are using Matrix. Please join the main room [#memmo-ss20:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#memmo-ss20:matrix.org) (here are [instructions](/summer-school/matrix) to join) to see the latest information on the event.

For the practical work sessions, question can be ask on Matrix. For each tutorials, students will splited into different rooms with a teaching assistant (about 4 for each tutorial). Please, follow the indications posted on the main room [#memmo-ss20:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#memmo-ss20:matrix.org) to know which tutorial room to access. In each tutorial room, you will find 3 three panels:
- the main chat where you can ask questions to your teaching assistant and interact with the other students of the room
- the "FAQ" notepad is writable only by teaching assistants. This document is used to share relevant questions across all rooms.
- the "Debug" notepad is writable by everyone and can be used to share code with your teaching assistant to help debugging.

![matrix Tutorial setup](/summer-school/riot_tutorial_setup.png)

Commit message:

Small corrections. Put instruction for virtual machine and docker into a separate page.

participate.md, after:

# Participate

This summer school is a fully virtual event.

For the videoconference system, we are using BigBlueButton. To join the meeting, use the following link [https://webconf.laas.fr/b/nic-nvh-9ju](https://webconf.laas.fr/b/nic-nvh-9ju) at the scheduled time slots.

Tutorials are based on Python notebooks. Software can be installed using their repository (see submodules in [this repository](https://github.com/MeMory-of-MOtion/summer-school) to get the exact versions used during the event) but to avoid compability issues we recommend to use the following [Vistual Machine](/summer-school/virtual_machine) or [Docker container](/summer-school/docker).

For direct communication, we are using Matrix. Please join the main room [#memmo-ss20:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#memmo-ss20:matrix.org) (here are [instructions](/summer-school/matrix) on how to join) for the latest information on the event.

For the practical-work sessions, questions can be ask on Matrix. For each tutorials, students will split into different rooms with a teaching assistant (about 4 groups for each tutorial). Please, follow the indications posted on the main room [#memmo-ss20:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#memmo-ss20:matrix.org) to know which tutorial room to access. In each tutorial room, you will find 3 three panels:
- the main chat where you can ask questions to your teaching assistant and interact with the other students of the room
- the "FAQ" notepad is writable only by teaching assistants. This document is used to share relevant questions across all rooms.
- the "Debug" notepad is writable by everyone and can be used to share code with your teaching assistant to help debugging.

![matrix Tutorial setup](/summer-school/riot_tutorial_setup.png)
